[Music]
Title post for her live stream on Twitch
What does my Elena daughter say, yeah, one jada, one
jada You guys are really going to
miss me, huh When the
nights come and your habis aren't here
to tell you all the gossip, yes I know
I'm late but you've seen that
Molly and Aldo are boyfriend and girlfriend of course you're
laughing because they're not boyfriend and girlfriend in
truth it's that Agustín pulled it out
of his ass someone must have told him and
outside and he must have told it with all the
mystery on top no yes I know I'm
late but you've seen that Molly and
Aldo are boyfriend and girlfriend I'm going to buy my
Gamer so I can re-edit properly because I
almost felt bad giving you a little
crystal sad what a copy it's going to
jump on me here you right now this doesn't matter
[ __ ] Mariana [ __ ] pure [ __ ]
they let her go see each other I really
think Molly is into
getting into controversy because her numbers
go up with controversy eh real people
Damn  Mariana in case there are
gossip pages that say eh Agustín 51 Now he
really overstepped the limits with this one by
taking out personal information that inoki who was
very offended Ink Kai the Ink
Kai was very offended that t that is
mentioning I saw it Oh the mavery this him
Hi a video the Dallas again not
insulting him and all that stuff we
could have seen that but already but
they told me it's another joke As
always Agustín 51 resorts to stooping
to attack Crystal Molly your boyfriend ald
Geo one thing is the conflict between two
people where you say something about one and the
other responds And both end up in a
controversy okay This is Destiny Thank you That's that that's that's he was
very offended incai eh inco is s from Molly Yes
in the light this
Aldo and Molly's relationship is confirmed and I'm like that But why
What the [ __ ] relationship now they're going to think that
I have a partner damn it and I don't have a
real partner And yet this wango
starts putting those titles unfortunate
unfortunate Mariana  God they say baby What do you mean
you're with Aldo I'm not with Aldo
we're friends Listen really The good thing is
that Aldo also took it as a joke but
I wouldn't like that because of some nonsense
like that such an incredible friendship
that I have with Aldo is ruined it really is a
friendship of those that you can
fool around and say whatever you want until you
curse each other and we're going to continue being
friends why did he put the hat on
top of the headphones Why did he
put on the hat on all
the headphones Now I understand why
I focus so much on Mario Pary because he
likes me I understand now completely
because he's always [ __ ] with me
because he likes me that's the reality everything
makes sense now dude if you think
Molly is pretty for you tell her
Molly is pretty I love you very much that's it
friend V do it I V do it I
think I don't like Molly friend I don't
like Molly like there are girls that I
can like there are girls I can't
like friend that's like that they like ch that I don't like it's
clear now dude That's it, it's
old enough with Molly dude that's enough
Molly but please boy please
friend please be a little thick ass a
little more tact che if you think
Molly is pretty you guys tell her Molly
pretty the nonsense I don't love you much that's it
friend do it I do and it seems to me I do
n't like Molly friend I don't like
Molly like there are girls that I can like
there are girls I can't like
friend that's like that there are girls that I like girls
that I don't like it's clear now dude That's it, it's
old enough with Molly enough
with Molly but please boy please
friend please I don't even know who the
cobra is the cobra out of cont the cobra Ah He
's from soccer I don't know who it is says cob
Pulp actually I find him funny eh I don't
dislike him eh cristal I don't dislike moly
at least for now
eh she has a deep voice she'll have the same
dick cristalito you went too far with the
future noola today you are more beautiful than
yesterday but less than tomorrow I hope
my high impact presence doesn't bother you
Right now that you're acting arrogant because you already
have a macho oppressor defender cristal
for those who don't listen he
practically says that he doesn't feel like
having  a relationship and apart from that I don't
know if she's compatible with me That's what she
says it's okay I understand I know
that you don't like the penis I know and
yes we are not compatible I'm sorry I'm
very sorry because because I understand that she
asks let's see I hope not I hope no
one gets offended by my question but I
understand that she is trans but she has
n't had surgery yet No when she's saying I
understand that you don't like the penis
it's not because she hasn't had surgery but she wants no yes you don't like her Let's see it's that we've seen her four four times But I don't know funny No she still has it she still has it Well but she talks about those things she talks about those things or what like Hey, I
intend to have surgery and such or she doesn't talk
about her life yes she has surgery Javi
last last ride but the thing is that
then they are never doing raay to me
because of course since I am the one who leaves here
And on top of that they always take the
Ray the same [ __ ] the same
[ __ ] always do the Ray let's see if
now in Thailand I do the live shows at a
different time and on Twitch who is there is
cheg chegue it was about some of these
latest controversies not from the youtubers it's
not about Pereira today it's about
Pereira or Selin is it about Pereira
or
Celin oh no but Celin sends me
forward I wasn't wrong no Selin
is there Selin is there it's about Selin
as a sign of Plainclothes it's about Selin as a
sign of Plainclothes let's
see Selin behave yourselves okay behave yourselves
and give her lots of kisses and nothing
guys here I'm leaving you I'm sending you a
huge kiss okay eh Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
and have a good trip Good night Thank you
very much Thank you very much yes yes I
imagine this is the last one eh Yes
yes I think this is the last one
at all eh [ __ ] my god How funny
crazy and this is this mewin who is
dedicated to being uncle mewin now but it's
like a lot of cringe not the Ah
you're not seeing it Sorry guys eh Javi
Oliveria has Jado me  with with
thank you very much Jai oliveira for that raid
Thank you very much countrywoman a kiss many many
thanks
listen to me
mewin guys behave
well behave well behave well okay eh
what else is okay what else is okay no no I've
changed to the middle I've
changed to the middle tell me from face to face that
they are well king of hate the
[ __ ] put it on listen to me and on YouTube who
's on YouTube it's that the flight is on
again and there would be no one like Random there would
be no one like Random like he's hanging
out and we'll surprise him the
bomb Yes I'm going I'm going I'm going to record
on tes salseo guys what I said okay I don't know
if I'll do anything else I don't know if I'll do anything else tomorrow
this morning the
weekly bomb Yes this morning the weekly bomb
both on telesalseo and
in la salsería the weekly bomb is
uploaded and some video surely such Hey
I hope to record some video I hope to record some video
video with Fran also
about salseo for la salsería apart from what we
record for the main channel a
video of  Thai food Ugh that's it I
'm bad at eating but if that's
something that is beyond me that's
not something that I can that I want that I do
n't want to be capricious that's
something that is beyond me you know that
literally As much as I try to
eat other things and so on, it's that I can't let's
see if they're trying nonsense I
think it can happen but ugh I'm telling you it
's an effort eh but eat eat
what what it is to eat daily food
I hope that more or less I can
find things to eat because if not it's
a problem eh Because if not I go up
to four days without eating I have updated
the bar I have updated the bar I have
updated the bar tomorrow a
short live let's see I don't rule out that I could
do it with my cell phone Maybe or something
like that But I doubt it I doubt it man it's that I have to
review everything well and
leave everything well tied up and so on guys
what I said I won't roll around anymore a kiss okay
handsome I love you very much behave man
don't miss anything from the series okay I
assume that you are all in
the WhatsApp group that we are  already like
3300 people or something like that in the
WhatsApp group okay I'll be sending you some
audio there I'll probably ask Fran to
send you some audio
there also through the WhatsApp group
okay fly high Grandpa a kiss Giordano
God man I'm going to miss you so much
okay I'm going to miss you so much but oh
well I'll feel your vibes there
no it's not that much telesalseo Elena now I'm going
to go and record things for
telesalseo it's 3 man it's 3 I
have to go to bed now really I'm going to be there for
an hour whatever I have time to
record for an hour I'm going to record a
newscast or something for telesalseo a kiss
okay a kiss as I said get into the
WhatsApp group okay get into the
WhatsApp group I'll be there very
attentive okay a kiss and the
main channel okay
the series is going to be uploaded there we're going to go
big we're going to go really big we're
reaching 300,000 this afternoon
okay Elena 300,000 subscribers  300,000
we are already like Javi
Oliveira's channel Javi Oliveira's channel has
400,000 and something but there is a mix of
Rosito, it has a mix of Johnny Dead, it has a
mix of everything. Well look, we are already
getting what
people are coming here, okay, and it is also
very noticeable in the live shows, there are a lot of
people in the live shows, eh, we are here every
night. Here are like 3000 people, eh, the
truth is that we have been doing very well lately.
Lucy María in the WhatsApp group, eh, they are
going to put the link in the chat,
put the link, run before closing, put the link
to the WhatsApp group,
moderators, put the link to the
WhatsApp group, okay, so that the people
who are not there can be in contact with
you all the time there,
okay, well, all the time, whatever I can. I
was already worrying about the
phone company rooming me when I
arrive, okay, we already have the
money from Thailand here, the money from
Hong Kong for Disneyland, guys, if the
series comes out
backwards, I am the worst, I am the
worst, I am this, I am already  Crazy guys,
if it goes well, if the series goes well with Fran,
I'll also make a blog about Hong Kong and
Disneyland, because I'm alone with
Lorena, I can record quietly
and blog. Okay, behave yourselves, okay, handsome. I
'm going to miss you a lot.
[Music]
kiss.
i